README.md, before:

# Alfred iTerm workflow

<img src="https://raw.github.com/caiogondim/alfred-iterm-workflow/master/img/logo.png" alt="Alfred iTerm workflow" align="right" width="200px" />

[iTerm2](http://www.iterm2.com) is a replacement for Terminal and the successor
to iTerm. Its focus is on performance, internationalization, and supporting
innovative features that make your life better.

This workflow is only for [Alfred.app](http://www.alfredapp.com/)
[Powerpack](https://buy.alfredapp.com/) users.

To download this workflow, click
[here](https://github.com/caiogondim/alfred-iterm-workflow/raw/master/iTerm.alfredworkflow).


## Credits
Icon by [Austin Anrews](http://thenounproject.com/Templarian/)


## License
The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2014 Caio Gondim

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

Adds instructions on how to use the “new window” command

README.md, after:

# Alfred iTerm workflow

<img src="https://raw.github.com/caiogondim/alfred-iterm-workflow/master/img/logo.png" alt="Alfred iTerm workflow" align="right" width="200px" />

[iTerm2](http://www.iterm2.com) is a replacement for Terminal and the successor
to iTerm. Its focus is on performance, internationalization, and supporting
innovative features that make your life better.

This workflow is only for [Alfred.app](http://www.alfredapp.com/)
[Powerpack](https://buy.alfredapp.com/) users.

To download this workflow, click
[here](https://github.com/caiogondim/alfred-iterm-workflow/raw/master/iTerm.alfredworkflow).
Below you can see a list of commands supported.


## New window

<img src="https://raw.github.com/caiogondim/alfred-iterm-workflow/master/img/new-window.png" alt="Alfred iTerm workflow new window command" />
Opens up a new iTerm window.

## Credits
Icon by [Austin Anrews](http://thenounproject.com/Templarian/)


## License
The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2014 Caio Gondim

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
